okay hi guys this is my kayaks great
it's also got wheels on it for sharing
the kayak down to the lake as you can
see they're removable so those little
cotter pins right there just come right
out and then stick your kayak on top of
here you can put your fondue Munoz
I put fun noodles on here so the kayak
will stay on there and this right here
is a rod holder and I put this little
piece of wood on here so it will bite
it's an extra bite for the little screws
to come up from the bottom so it has
something to grab onto so now I'm going
to show you putting it on the kite on
the kayak crate and we'll test her out
so here's the tie app over here
now we can also use this great for
fishing which is one of the main reasons
why I got it strap that on right there
now
Oh through the flowers can't be serious
ever Canyon flowers here did you see
that works pretty good
so now
pull the wheels right here with these
little cotter pins like that
you can wash like this good now set this
on top of the Hyatt come on
what a poor soul we just have to use
these little bundle straps underneath as
you can see we'll take our Dalek but
this under here this underneath this
strap like that this blue one goes under
here like this no put the cart back on
put the little rod in between
here take the blue strap pinch it up on
here like that another foot strap from
back here
slide up here like this
so kind of like that green straps whip
to the sides here
like that I was still got over here yet
see we just put that on there with that
and this right strap just slide this
under here like this like this
underneath to this bottom thing that's
not going anywhere
Oh
back in here like this so you don't lose
them can't lose them and grab them
and she's gonna show us a demonstration
of that poll if she ever gets her act
together here's the demonstration slide
the polling underneath the bunch of card
like that and got a little water ball
right here inside storage
and I even made a little compartment
right here for the players so there you
go there's your old Hayek fishing crate
and card set up the whole thing cost
about less than 15 bucks filming done by
Devin desert thank you have a good day